[OSDOCS-3891]: Create the OpenShift Platform Plus product guide (#49279)
openshift/openshift-docs: architecture/opp-architecture.adoc

toc::[]

> {product-title} is a single hybrid-cloud platform for enterprises to build, deploy, run, and manage intelligent applications securely across infrastructures. It is based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Kubernetes, and Red Hat {ocp}, and includes the following products:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} is a single hybrid-cloud platform for enterprises to build, deploy, run, and manage intelligent applications securely across infrastructures. It is based on {op-system-base-full}, Kubernetes, and Red Hat {ocp}, and includes the following products:
```

> * Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes - Controls clusters and applications from a single console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {rh-rhacm-first} for Kubernetes - Controls clusters and applications from a single console.
```

> * Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes - Provides information about cluster security, visibility management, and security compliance.

Reviewer: I would add Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security to your common-attributes.adoc file. Maybe coordinate with Kathryn and see what the best attribute would be for this? I didn't see this in the common-attributes.adoc file in OpenShift.  If and when you add this to your common-attributes file just go through the whole doc and make sure you update any hardcoded referenced to "Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security" references to the attribute reference.

Reviewer 2: You can make any attributes you need and name them whatever makes most sense! (If I were adding it, I might make it `:acs:`.)

> * Red Hat Quay - A private container registry that stores, builds, and deploys container images.

Reviewer: I would add Quay to your common-attributes.adoc file. I don't see Red Hat Quay as a part of the common-attributes.adoc file in the main branch. Maybe coordinate with Steven Smith and Kathryn to see if it should be added?  If and when you add this to your common-attributes file just go through the whole doc and make sure you update any hardcoded referenced to "Red Hat Quay" references to the attribute reference.

> * Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation Essentials - A data and storage services platform that provides a permanent place to store data while clusters spin up and down across environments.

Reviewer: I would add Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation to your common-attributes.adoc file. In the OpenShift main branch for common-attributes.adoc file it is listed as 

> `:rh-storage-first: Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation`

Maybe coordinate with  Kathryn to see if it should be added?  If and when you add this to your common-attributes file just go through the whole doc and make sure you update any hardcoded referenced to "Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation" references to the attribute reference.

toc::[]

{product-title} is a single hybrid-cloud platform for enterprises to build, deploy, run, and manage intelligent applications securely across infrastructures. It is based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Kubernetes, and Red Hat {ocp}, and includes the following products:

* Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes - Controls clusters and applications from a single console.
* Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes - Provides information about cluster security, visibility management, and security compliance.
* Red Hat Quay - A private container registry that stores, builds, and deploys container images.
* Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation Essentials - A data and storage services platform that provides a permanent place to store data while clusters spin up and down across environments.

include::modules/opp-architecture-relnotes.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/opp-architecture-architecture.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/opp-architecture-compatibility-matrix.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * xref:../https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.html[OpenShift Container Platform 4.10 release notes]

Reviewer 2: These should be links, not xrefs. And, to keep users from bouncing between sites, please use access.redhat.com links instead of the docs.openshift ones.

Because these are all links, please incorporate them into the module.

* xref:../https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.0/html/release_notes/red-hat-advanced-cluster-management-for-kubernetes-release-notes[Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes release notes]
* xref:../https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_quay/3/html/red_hat_quay_release_notes/index[Red Hat Quay Release Notes]
* xref:../https://docs.openshift.com/acs/release_notes/369-release-notes.html[Red Hat Advanced Cluster Security for Kubernetes]
* xref:../https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_openshift_data_foundation/4.9/html/4.9_release_notes/index[Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation 4.9 release notes]

include::modules/opp-architecture-installation.adoc[leveloffset=+1]
include::modules/opp-architecture-support.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources"]
== Additional resources

> .Installation

Reviewer 2: Because these are all links, please incorporate them directly into the modules instead.
